Two masters
I'm not late, right?
Seen the goddess
Your timing is just right
Who is the man wearing the veil?
The master actually let him sit on the throne
You don't know that.
That is the contemporary goddess of Langya Tiange
Goddess, this is side by side with the Demon Lord of the Demon Sect
Super wine master
I heard that the goddess is the strongest of our right path
Not only strong
And looks like a fairy
Known as the first beautiful woman in the spiritual world
It's a pity to wear a veil all year round
Never show it easily
If only I could see the true face of a goddess
Even if I die, I will
Just you hum
Go and have your spring and autumn dreams
Chaoyang government
Now that the goddess has arrived
It's better to announce
Big money. Here we go.
I have the intention to be obedient
This year's two competitions officially began
The first game will be played by Canglan Gate Zhao Dongyao
Canopy Jiandong Jin to the south
Both of these large sums have already started
Why is the little junior brother still not out of customs?
I'm so anxious
How is the little junior sister now?
It's the fourth game
What did you lose in the first three games?